The drawing of the penguin is governed by three files and a method.  

Shapes.cpp and Shapes.h
-----------------------------------------------
This is where I defined how to create my three base shapes; a triangular prism
for the feet, a half-cylinder for each half of the mouth, and a frustrum for 
the rest of the body parts.  Each of these shapes is drawn centered around the 
origin.

For each of these shapes, I define a Vector representing the normal of each 
face, and then calculate the normal for each vertex.

Additionally, a method 'draw' takes in a function and a flag value so that if 
I need to draw the outline with the fill the code does not have to be repeated.


penguin.h
------------------------------------------------
This file is separated from main.cpp purely for readability; it simply includes
the constant values used to scale and draw the penguin body parts, and wrapper
functions calling the appropriate draw functions from 'Shapes' with the constant
values, so that a simple function can be passed to 'draw'. 

This file wraps everything included inside a namespace 'Penguin' for ease of access
and understanding

main.cpp
------------------------------------------------
  display
  --------
  In this method I have essentially five sections.  The first if statement 
  simply retrieves the appropriate keyframe information if animation is on (this
  was already implemented). Next I define the render style, enabling/disabling
  backface culling and z-buffering as necessary, and defining the polygon mode. 
  Third I set the light location and attributes  if lighting is on, otherwise 
  I disable lighting and reset the background.  Fourth I set the appropriate 
  material settings, with metallized material having more shine and reflecting
  more of all three types of light (ambient, diffuse, and specular). Finally I 
  traverse the kinematic tree of the penguin, pushing the translate and rotate 
  matrix of each element onto the stack before traversing down to its children,
  then calling its scale (if necessary), rotation shift and draw functions once
  all of its children have been completed.  
  
  spinners + keyframes
  --------------------
  I added the material and lighting option fields to the glui, but did not added
  them to the keyframe object. This was intentional, allowing the user to change 
  material and render type, along with lighting position during an animation
  playback.  
   